3 May 2013 4:49PM:
Framerate management is complete and a good debugged timer function is written. Now for the character walking, I would want to just import animation from 3ds max. 
So, goals now:
	1. Create a character in 3ds max and import it to opengl
	2. Import all the frames needed for the animation of walking
	3. Study terrain generation algorithms

27 April 2013 4:11PM:
Converted the entire code to SDL from glut.
goals left:
	1. Understand SDL timer functions
	2. Introduce frames and frame rates
	3. Make the character walk

27 April 2013 5:00AM:
Tried to implement the temporary goals. Basic world is done. But while trying implement character walking, stumbled up on a great idea. Implemting frames. This MUST be done. But first try to get a good idea of SDL timer function. And the code must be completely converted to SDL. All bits of glut/freeglut must be removed.
So, goals as of now:
	1. Understand SDL timer functions
	2. Convert glut to SDL
	3. Introduce frames and frame rate
	4. Make the character walk

27 April 2013 2:11AM:
Semister is over, so I can develop this game full time. 
Temporary Goals:
	1. Make a basic plane world
	2. Make the character walk on it based on the input

16 April 2013 11:24PM:
From now on journal will be written in reverse order
Completed basic character rigging.
Now the tasks ahead are:
	1. Character design 
	2. World design
	3. Think game elements



28 March 2013 3:37AM:
I am going to make my own game engine using SDL. Thats the first step I am gonna take.

28 March 2013 4:00AM:
Game Engine Requirements:
	1. A window class
	2. window class should have members, 
		A)Draw image onto screen to respective coordinates
		B)Draw image ignoring specific colors
		C)Reload the image
		D)Close the window
		E)Size of the window in the constructor
Thats for starters and I will think of the others on the go.
					      
29 March 2013 4:00PM:
May change the close function in the engine.
Have to add a function in the engine for rotating images.
And have to start some part of the game.

30 March 2013 2:15AM:
I want to stop the engine currently and start the game using openGL for drawing, SDL for input from keyboard or mouse and glut for window management.

11 April 2013 6:43PM:
Just thought about some cool ideas for the game. If its an rpg then, include classes psychic, wizard. Psychic can take knowledge/more gross brains from the people he killed and this helps him in controlling other people. Wizard on the other hand deals with spells. Other two classes I thought would be an archer and a gunsman. The archer would have different arrows. But have to think more about gunsman.

13 April 2013 2:04AM:
Just wrote an ITSP Abstract today. The major changes I want to do are:
	A. Game would be in 3D, using openGL, C++, glut for window management and SDL for input and multimedia management.
	B. I also had some wild ideas. Though they need a lot of refinement, I present them here
			1. Different classes and different play types:
				Archer: long ranged, low fire rate, medium damage, high mobility
				Gunslinger: long ranged, high fire rate, low damage, high mobility
				Wizard:Medium range, varying fire rate, varying damage, varying mobility, etc.
				and a few other thief, warrior, illusionist, necromancer, etc each with unique 
				abilities.

			2. The game mechanics:
				These would be basic for the most part, but may implement ambitious once like stealth 					mechanics similar to the game “Dishonored”

			3. The world:
			A manually created world, with trees, mountains, enemies initially. But would like to 				create a random world generator if at all mulitplayer is developed.  

			4. Leveling up and skills:
				I would like to follow the leveling up system of skyrim. A player would gain 
				experience points by killing enemies. This experience causes players to level up at 
				regular stages. Every leveling up gets the player perk points. Every player has a set 
				of skills. The skill level increases upon doing specific things related to that skill
				(For example repeatedly using fire spells increases necromancy skill for a wizard). Up 
				on reaching certain skill level, perk points can be spent on that skill to gain 
				additional powers.
		
			5. The view:
				First I would develop the project in a 3rd person perspective and may extend it to an 
				optional 1st person perspective.

			6. Inventory:
				There would be an inventory system, in which player can place items which he found.
